Implement `arrow3d` method for `Axes3D` (#4)
r3kste/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/arrow3d.rst

New `arrow3d` Method
--------------------

> This new feature allows users to plot 3D arrows in Matplotlib, enhancing the visualization capabilities for 3D data. The `arrow3d` method can be used to create an arrow in a 3D space, which is particularly useful for representing vectors or directional data.

Reviewer: I think this should **not** be a single continuous line. Add line breaks so that it doesn't cross the 88th column.

> New `arrow3d` Method

Reviewer: In .rst file
1. To denote variables, use double ticks ( **``** )
2. Single ticks are used to add a reference to mentioned variable.

```suggestion
New ``arrow3d`` method for `~.Axes3D`
```

--------------------

This new feature allows users to plot 3D arrows in Matplotlib,
enhancing the visualization capabilities for 3D data.
The `arrow3d` method can be used to create an arrow in a 3D space,

> which is particularly useful for representing vectors or directional data.

Reviewer: This feels too repetitive. Both sentences convey exactly the same meaning, so you could simplify to:

```suggestion
The new ``arrow3d`` method allows users to plot 3D arrows,
which can be used for representing vectors or directional data.
```
